markdown doc/Special Instructions – iHealth.md, before:

Special Instructions 
===================


## Instructions to run the app
### Important notes
The port for web application is 8088. The port for FHIR server is 8080.      
192.168.99.100  (shown in the following instructions) is the IP address of the docker container: IP address can be found using:      
> First get the container ID:  ```docker ps```            
> Use the container ID to run to find container IP: ```docker inspect <container ID> ```      

If docker is running in the Virtual Machine ,the IP need to be found and website can be accessed at: *http://IP:8088/*. FHIR server can be accessed at: *http://IP:8080/*.    
Otherwise, the website can be accessed at: *http://localhost:8088/*. FHIR server can be accessed at: *http://localhost:8080/*.    
Please choose the correct URLs to access the website and FHIR server. Please replace the URLs in the following instructions according to docker container IP address.       
### Instructions
```docker-compose up``` can be run at either root directory or Final Delivery (directory). 
1. Download the Final Delivery folder
2. In docker terminal, go to the Final Delivery folder, run ```docker-compose up```
3. Find the IP address of the docker container: IP address can be found using:        
> First get the container ID:  ```docker ps```            
> Use the container ID to run to find container IP: ```docker inspect <container ID> ```     

4. FHIR server web page can be accessed at: *http://IP:8080/* The fhir server URL can be found in this page.
5. Update the FHIR URL in the file at ./project/web/populateForm.js at line 11.     
```javascript
9	var demo = 
10        //Please update the following URL to match the FHIR server
11        serviceUrl: "http://192.168.99.100:8080/baseDstu3",
12        patientId: getUrlVars()["BabyID"],
13        auth: {
14          type: 'none'
15        }}
```     
6. Navigate to *http://IP:8088/* to access the index page of the website.    

OR:
1. Download the root folder
2. In docker terminal, go to the root folder, run ```docker-compose up```
3. Find the IP address of the docker container: IP address can be found using:        
> First get the container ID:  ```docker ps```            
> Use the container ID to run to find container IP: ```docker inspect <container ID> ```     

4. FHIR server web page can be accessed at: *http://IP:8080/* The fhir server URL can be found in this page.
5. Update the FHIR URL in the file at ./project/web/populateForm.js at line 11.    
```javascript
9	var demo = 
10        //Please update the following URL to match the FHIR server
11        serviceUrl: "http://192.168.99.100:8080/baseDstu3",
12        patientId: getUrlVars()["BabyID"],
13        auth: {
14          type: 'none'
15        }}
```     
6. Navigate to *http://IP:8088/* to access the index page of the website.       

## Brief structure of root directory
Birth-Certificates-on-FHIR (root directory)   
|--- project (directory)    
|--- docker-compose.yml     
|--- .......        
|--- Final Delivery (directory)     
|  &nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp;&nbsp;  +---project (directory)     
|   &nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp;&nbsp; +--- docker-compose.yml     
|   &nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp;&nbsp; +--- .......         
The project codes are also organized in Final Delivery directory. You can run ```docker-compose up``` at root directory or at Final Delivery directory. The two project directories and two docker-compose.yml files are the same. File docker-compose.yml need to be with the project (directory) in the same folder in order to run docker commands properly.     
## Add data to FHIR server
Two babies' data are loaded to the provided FHIR server for test purpose. More data can be uploaded using tag-uploader	(Detailed instructions	can be found at	*https://github.com/smart-on-fhir/tag-uploader*)

Commit message:

update hard coded IP instructions

markdown doc/Special Instructions – iHealth.md, after:

Special Instructions 
===================


## Instructions to run the app
### Important notes
The port for web application is 8088. The port for FHIR server is 8080.      
192.168.99.100  (shown in the following instructions) is the IP address of the docker container: IP address can be found using:      
> First get the container ID:  ```docker ps```            
> Use the container ID to run to find container IP: ```docker inspect <container ID> ```      

If docker is running in the Virtual Machine ,the IP need to be found and website can be accessed at: *http://IP:8088/*. FHIR server can be accessed at: *http://IP:8080/*.    
Otherwise, the website can be accessed at: *http://localhost:8088/*. FHIR server can be accessed at: *http://localhost:8080/*.    
Please choose the correct URLs to access the website and FHIR server. Please replace the URLs in the following instructions according to docker container IP address.    
The URL in ./project/web/populateForm.js at line 11, it is the only place that the hard coded FHIR IP address is used.    

### Instructions
```docker-compose up``` can be run at either root directory or Final Delivery (directory). 
1. Download the Final Delivery folder
2. In docker terminal, go to the Final Delivery folder, run ```docker-compose up```
3. Find the IP address of the docker container: IP address can be found using:        
> First get the container ID:  ```docker ps```            
> Use the container ID to run to find container IP: ```docker inspect <container ID> ```     

4. FHIR server web page can be accessed at: *http://IP:8080/* The fhir server URL can be found in this page.
5. Update the FHIR URL in the file at ./project/web/populateForm.js at line 11. It is the only place that the hard coded FHIR IP address is used.     
```javascript
9	var demo = 
10        //Please update the following URL to match the FHIR server
11        serviceUrl: "http://192.168.99.100:8080/baseDstu3",
12        patientId: getUrlVars()["BabyID"],
13        auth: {
14          type: 'none'
15        }}
```     
6. Navigate to *http://IP:8088/* to access the index page of the website.    

OR:
1. Download the root folder
2. In docker terminal, go to the root folder, run ```docker-compose up```
3. Find the IP address of the docker container: IP address can be found using:        
> First get the container ID:  ```docker ps```            
> Use the container ID to run to find container IP: ```docker inspect <container ID> ```     

4. FHIR server web page can be accessed at: *http://IP:8080/* The fhir server URL can be found in this page.
5. Update the FHIR URL in the file at ./project/web/populateForm.js at line 11. It is the only place that the hard coded FHIR IP address is used.    
```javascript
9	var demo = 
10        //Please update the following URL to match the FHIR server
11        serviceUrl: "http://192.168.99.100:8080/baseDstu3",
12        patientId: getUrlVars()["BabyID"],
13        auth: {
14          type: 'none'
15        }}
```     
6. Navigate to *http://IP:8088/* to access the index page of the website.       

## Brief structure of root directory
Birth-Certificates-on-FHIR (root directory)   
|--- project (directory)    
|--- docker-compose.yml     
|--- .......        
|--- Final Delivery (directory)     
|  &nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp;&nbsp;  +---project (directory)     
|   &nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp;&nbsp; +--- docker-compose.yml     
|   &nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp;&nbsp; +--- .......         
The project codes are also organized in Final Delivery directory. You can run ```docker-compose up``` at root directory or at Final Delivery directory. The two project directories and two docker-compose.yml files are the same. File docker-compose.yml need to be with the project (directory) in the same folder in order to run docker commands properly.     
## Add data to FHIR server
Two babies' data are loaded to the provided FHIR server for test purpose. More data can be uploaded using tag-uploader	(Detailed instructions	can be found at	*https://github.com/smart-on-fhir/tag-uploader*)
